Is there some problem w/ lync/communicator?  i've been having issues the last few days where in the middle of a conversation some messages will get dropped.  it's very frustrating.  i opened a ticket on this (REQ000001097874 ) but was wondering if anyone else has had the same problem ?  i'm connected from a hardware VPN (not anyconnect).  I've also been dropping partially offline where i cannot see everyone's online status and i can still talk to some contacts but not others.  very annoying
Footprints AssetCore has applied security updates & asked me to reboot 3 times today. Any way these can be consolidated?
2nd Day at BMC! :) Documenting "Current State" I&O Communications Projects Pipeline and "Future State" communications process alignment! Want to stay informed about the latest Infrastructure & Operations projects news? Follow me and be the first to receive your personal invitation to updates!
Question for the IT team - Anyone know if / when the next upgrade to Confluence is planned? The version we are currently using was released way back in September of 2011. Our last upgrade of confluence was in February of 2012, when we moved to 3.5.13. Since it's been over a year, perhaps we could make the leap the current 5.1.2 version sometime soon? Confluence is a great resource, but the Rich Text Editor in our current version is still very buggy and unreliable. I'd like to make more use of this tool, but due to the Editor's bugs, it makes it very hard for newbies to start using Confluence without also having to learn Wiki Markup. Any chance we could get upgraded to the current version sometime soon? Thanks for any info you can provide.
Kudos to entire team in BMC IT for delivering internal cloud for Pune and Houston with snapshot facility. This is awesome. It works smooth. Now I can deploy machines at my will and discard them when I am done. I dont have to maintain any inventory on what machines I am using.<br><br>Thanks a lot BMC IT.
R&D Cloud is not accessible since last 8 hours. Anyone know the team that looks after R&D Cloud CLM infrastructure?
TIP: I just discovered the free Windows 7 'Problem Step Recorder', its part of Windows and allows you to capture your screen along with the clicks and steps that you take when interacting with an application or your desktop - It then creates a ZIP file containing a beautifully presented HTML file. To test it, press your 'Start' button and then type "Problem Step Recorder". @Jose Pedro Teixeira and @Antonius Machielsen you've both mentioned such tools before so you might be interested in this!
Having some problems with Lync and no response from the Help Desk yet. I am seeing different number of contacts between my Mac Lync and Wintel Lync. And also differences in my contact list when I am on via VPN or External. But nothing lines up, each permutation yields different results. Anyone else having this issue?
I received a mail stating I've been given a bmc-uath-manaded Box.com account, but I found no official BMC info or documentation on its use. I am playing with it and I like it very much, but before investing time, I would like to know if it's official its use. I noticed that if I upload files , box says ithey will be deleted in 2 months.... Can you pleas help me ? Matteo
Does anyone maintain a list of the BMC holidays in the outlook format ? Steve Wilson created one a couple years ago here https://na13.salesforce.com/06930000000eH2g but it looks like he's no longer w/ bmc. this would be really useful for IT to publish every year so we could import. I'd like to know for instance when India has holidays.
Are inbound external emails being delayed significantly again?
Notice - Telephone Call drops in the Houston Office IS&T is currently working to resolve an issue where some incoming and outgoing calls are dropping sporadically. You will be informed as soon as the issue is resolved.
@Alf Abuhajleh has posted today that BMC Virtual Agent in GA. I had seen the youtube video as well as this presentation: https://na13.salesforce.com/069a0000002DeIX and was fully convinced that it would greatly help IT as well as IT consumers.
What the heck is going on with Docs... the down time is horrible. down again now
Is there a way to let the Autonomy backup program not to notify when backup ends, or only notify on failures?
Can someone please fix Docs? Another day where i lost more than half a days of work because auto-saving times out and eventually i end up with a blank screen. PLEASE.
Thanks IS&T team for auto-installing MS Lync for me. - MS communicator still auto-starts. - When I find Lync in the Start menu, and launch it, nothing happens. I guess I'll reboot to see if it fixes things, 
I've had a difficult time changing passwords, which I've rarely experienced before. With the help of support, I removed credentials from the Windows vault (whatever that is) on my computer. Later in the day, I restarted my computer. Now I cannot connect to the VPN (I'm WFH right now), I cannot connect to email through Outlook or through webmail. At least Chatter and docs.bmc.com remember me. :-) Any suggestions?
Has something changed regarding BMC IT's policy on storing BMC corporate data on third party cloud providers?
The certificat on the beacon application expired on 07-FEB-2013. any plans to fix that ?
Anyone aware of issues with our Exchange mail today? I'm not receiving mails that customers have sent (or test emails from my Google Mail account).
Is it only me who can't access epd? It's deadly slow to get there and once I have entered my credentials I get an error message
Are there plans to install Office Web Apps on the Sharepoint Servers? I would very much like to see this capability made available. Most of the time when I go to a Sharepoint site it is to read a Word document that someone else owns and I simply need to read it. Having it open in the browser would I believe be faster and would certainly be less clutter.
Hey IT people - I am really loving Lync 2013 but I severely need the ability to send Lync meeting invites to our customers. The issue seems to be the 'meet.bmc.com' address only being accessible whilst connected to the BMC VPN - can this not be opened up to customers as it is causing delays in collaboration, and is also quite embarrassing.
Maybe this has been mentioned, but is there a person that should be notified if we're hit with a phishing email so IT can add that to the blocking methods? If so who do we send the email to? We got 2 faked tracking info from FedEx (in our Supplier Diversity mailbox) that might cause someone to click without thinking. See snapshot.
I have noticed that Lync does not send message if I cut and paste from a PDF and the bullet is included in the cut/paste. Has any one else seen that?
Problem: After starting the PC java.exe has a high CPU sonsumption at approx. 25%. Process Explorer tells me that java.exe was called by/from BMC's Marimba Tuner. Marimba Tuner has its own imbedded back-leveled JRE V6.0.180.7. Problem reoccurs x-times a day. Tuner un-/reinstall does not help! Any clue how to get rid of?
Experiencing BSODs (Blue Screens) on my Win7 64-bit image after starting Cisco Anyconnect (BEACON). The BSOD always seems to come from mfefirek.sys with DRIVER_IRQL_NOT_LESS_OR_EQUAL. I can stop the HIPS service in Windows and restart the computer and the BSODs stop. Seems to be a known issue - https://supportforums.cisco.co?m/thread/2186820.
I have already Lync 2010 installed and still it is pushing Lync 2010 on my machine. Anyone else face this problem
Sometimes i'm wondering.... I just received an email that my email account is blocked. What's the point of sending an e-mail if i cannot read it?
I know we're just rolling out Lync 2010 but the tabbed conversations program pointed out by @NickGoff doesn't work all that well. I went looking to see if Microsoft had added tabbed conversations natively to Lync and they have, in 2013. Naturally that makes me wonder what BMC' timeframe is for moving to Office 2013 which includes Lync 2013. :)
I understand that Lync can be configured to enable all conversations to be tabbed in the same window. Is that something that we can enable ? http://lync.microsoft.com/Adoption-and-Training-Kit/tools-and-apps/Pages/Tabbed-Conversations.aspx
LIFESAVER: Ever accidentally close an Office document without saving it? I did today. LOTS of work just disappeared into the ether. I thought I was closing an older version of the powerpoint, but realized after responding "yes" to the "are you sure" message that I actually closed the one I was working in. Moving too fast for my own good. :-( Anway, after some very loud swearing (I work from home), I did a Google search and found that bringing these docs back from the dead can be VERY easy. Read this article to ensure you have office setup correctly and then bookmark the link for when you need it. It worked great. http://bit.ly/107R11J
BEACON Maintenance: Houston Beacon Node scheduled to be upgraded between 8:30pm Dec 22 to 4 AM Dec 23 Central Time. Customers already connected to Houston are requested to disconnect and connect to an alternate node before the start of the maintenance window to avoid session disconnection. New connections to the Houston node during the maintenance window would be automatically redirected to Phoenix node.
Do our sharepoint site support Excel Web Part?
According to https://intranet.bmc.com/it/EndUserServices/Pages/Office2010.aspx, we will be upgrading to Office 2010. When will it be my turn? Can I do it myself?
Well, that was interesting. Working along and BAM, VPN "times out - max time exceeded". No warning, no option to continue, no warning, no nothing. So far I don't find the new VPN software to be as user friendly as SGATE was. Is there a configuration option that can be changed so that we do get a warning and opportunity to re-enter our password so we can continue uninterrupted?
I was looking to see if BMC had a chat room application available. I noticed that Lync has group chat enabled through its group chat client, although I don't see a lot of participants. Are we permitted to set up a chat room with Lync for our virtual teams? Do we have another preferred chat group application?
Since upgrading to Lync, I am unable to search for OC contacts within the organisation inside Lync - I enter a first name (as I used to with OC) and now it just states "The address book is preparing to synchronize. Search results might not be current", however no results are ever shown. Please could you advise?
Okay, this has GOT to get fixed in Sharepoint Portal. It is still throwing this series of errors (attached), so that if you edit your portal page you get the error when you go to save that it will not save. Only happens in Portal and this has been going on for months! It's random, may save one minute and then not the next within the same session. Beyond frustrating!
Is there any windows update performed over this week end on lab machines? If yes, did I miss notification of the same or there was no such notification sent?
The one feature that I would like to see in #Lync is the ability to invite people from outside the company to a conversation. Is this supported? And if yes, how? I've tried to add an external email to a session but that didn't seem to work. Thanks!
Found this thingy and i love it! Puts your appointments and Tasks right on your desktop.
Have plans to have working SSO stalled? I have separate logins for the BMC Communities, the BMC Support/Docs, the BMC Discovery community and ADProd - making it a poor experience to do work that crosses between sub-sites. This also affects customers who have the same problem, except for the adprod login of course.
I don't know if there was a change that affected this, but I can't get the Avaya Modular Messaging page to work. If I go to the site http://bmchoummweb/webmsg/scripts/start.asp it now immediate says I have to have cookies enabled. They are enabled AFAIK unless something in the global policy got changed. If I try to add the link to allow it says it's an invalid URL (I guess because it doesn't end in .com, .net, etc.) I also tried setting it to override and allow cookies and it still throws the error. This was working previously, so I don't know what changed.
I found when testing Lync that it will let me chat from outside the network, but it would not let me share unless all parties were on the BMC network or VPN (for example, a poll). If this is a limitation we will continue to have, we should probably list it on the Intranet page describing Lync.
Whenever I joined BMC webex conference call using India Toll free number from my cell phone, other participants are complaining about my voice being very low. I have Android phones (S3 and Nexus). Does any one has face this problem? If yes, any workaround/solution?
Our Intranet site provides two configuration scripts for off-VPN Outlook connectivity, but only for Outlook 2003 and 2007 - can this be updated to include a script for 2010 to avoid having to implement manual configuration?
Heads up--just receive a very "phishy" looking message allegely from IT (screenshot attached). Link address (no I didn't click) starts with bmc01 DOT hopto DOT org
Now http://emailcharter.org/ seems to be blocked from BMC. That is just insanity - do we actually pay someone for this service??? #TrustThem
Hi, has anyone worked with a HP LaserJet Pro 400 Color MFP M475dw (or similar) to set up so you can "scan to email" or folder? You add email addresses manually (IOW, it's not going to read LDAP) which is fine. Problem: It keeps saying we need to install software on the "network-connected computer". Which network computer? Does this mean printer's folder on the network? Or do we have to install it on our laptops (which doesn't make sense)? Instructions on this printer are NOT helpful.
IT friends, several comments about BlueCoat protecting too much and preventing Social Business: 1. Soundcloud, Evernote https://na13.salesforce.com/0D?5a000001AsnhB 2. Linkedin (this one is new) https://na13.salesforce.com/0D?5a000001BZSWm cc @Debbie Hutchings
Is there something going on with the backup program? I haven't noticed it backing up for several days now. Today it popped up and I started the back up. It failed and said the Account had been canceled. Just wanted to know before I put in a helpdesk ticket.
Does anyone know what to do next if IT keep shutting a case without actually doing anything about the case? (I'm kind of hoping someone from IT is readying this group...) I have a case that has now been closed three times with no response at all. I'm not really sure what I can do other than reopen it for a third time...
Just in case you haven't heard. John McAfee (yes that McAfee) is wanted for murder in Belize. He's allegedly on the run. http://gawker.com/5959814/john?-mcafee-wanted-for-murder
Communicator doesn't seem to be accessible today whilst off VPN? It might be just me...
It seems that Availabilities (when scheduling a meeting) now display in MS Outlook even when I'm *not* on VPN :) Did something change?
heads up, looks like a very creative webmail phising scam just hit our servers.. forwarded to global security.
Is there a possiblity of increasing Outlook inbox size to greater then 500MB
Has anyone else had a problem logging in via a docking station with the new encription software added? I dock my computer but the screen doesn't show up on my monitor. I have to open the laptop to see the login. After it boots and the blue terms of use screen comes up, that does show up on my monitor, but if I shut my laptop lid, it turns off the monitor again. So I have to hit the docking power button, like I'm going to remove it, close the lid and then hit the dock power again. Not much fun in the morning! :-P
Hey guys - any chance of soft key's coming soon for our VPN connections?
Can I ask if there is any possibility that OpenAir credentials can be added to the Passport Password Management application? The password for OpenAir doesn't appear to get updated when changing passwords?
